all right so it's October 27 just
outside of the Peterborough Ontario and
my 2003 Chevrolet at 10:00 2.2 litre
four-cylinder right now it's compels
completely stocked as far as mods ago I
do plan to put on a cherry bomb glass
pack in the next few weeks just wanted
to give you a little rundown I have this
chrome exhaust tip not really anything
special Canadian Tire special sale I
guess 8 bucks
we got my back rock here adds a little
bit of balls a ballsy look to the truck
I just put these black headlight covers
on and I really think they add some look
to the truck I think it makes it look
pretty sweet
so that right there is pretty much my
truck as far as Moscow I do have a
10-inch sub for it that can be powered
by a Kenwood thousand watt amp so it'll
definitely have some boom for such a
small little pick out the tire ten inch
sub sitting in the back of there
I wanted to make a little stock exhaust
video because I have seen these 2.2 s on
the internet guys done them up with dual
exhaust pipes and I just wanted everyone
to realize that what we have to work
with here when we when we do put on
these exhaust systems people say to
sound like racers and they don't sound
metal that loud but that's because while
it is a four cylinder and to make it
sound as good as they do really take
some skills for good on you guys there
is one in particular truck on the
internet that I don't want to give
special mention to on YouTube it's a 98
bathtime block and you've got some
really nice rims on it and i tented down
the windows and i do plan to tint down
those windows to and get some nice rims
for it but got and do dual exhaust like
can you go up but i'm just going to draw
on a quiet pack for now and get some get
some more money so yeah that's my ask 10
and i'll rub it up here for you and then
i'll be posting another video to i show
you out what it sounds like with the
glass back
so as soon as I get that glass back on
I'll be posting another video and if you
have any have any ideas for me of what
what would be a good add-on for this
truck please leave your comments at the
end of the video and this is one AO 3sn
thanks a lot for watching